[6. 8. 8. ... 5. 1. 7.] 10000
[3. 8. 8. ... 5. 1. 7.] 10000

Correct Rate: 0.6117
Error prediction count:  3883
Error List:
image index in test data set: 0 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 15 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 20 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 21 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 22 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 24 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 27 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 32 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 33 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 35 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 37 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 40 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 42 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 51 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 52 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 56 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 57 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 58 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 59 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 62 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 65 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 67 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 68 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 69 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 70 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 71 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 74 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 76 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 78 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 83 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 84 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 85 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 86 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 87 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 88 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 95 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 97 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 99 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 101 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 105 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 106 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 110 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 112 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 114 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 117 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 118 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 119 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 122 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 127 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 128 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 129 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 131 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 135 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 139 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 140 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 143 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 145 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 147 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 149 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 150 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 155 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 158 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 163 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 164 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 165 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 167 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 168 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 169 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 171 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 176 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 177 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 178 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 179 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 180 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 183 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 184 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 188 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 189 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 190 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 191 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 192 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 194 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 196 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 199 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 200 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 201 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 203 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 205 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 210 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 211 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 215 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 216 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 219 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 220 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 221 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 224 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 226 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 227 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 228 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 230 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 232 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 233 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 236 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 237 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 238 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 239 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 241 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 243 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 245 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 246 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 247 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 248 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 249 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 253 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 254 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 256 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 258 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 259 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 262 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 263 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 266 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 269 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 274 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 275 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 277 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 281 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 284 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 287 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 293 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 295 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 302 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 303 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 306 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 307 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 309 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 310 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 314 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 315 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 321 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 323 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 324 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 327 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 328 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 332 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 337 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 339 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 340 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 342 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 343 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 345 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 346 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 347 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 352 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 354 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 355 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 356 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 357 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 358 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 363 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 365 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 366 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 367 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 368 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 376 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 377 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 378 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 383 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 387 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 388 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 393 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 394 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 396 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 399 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 401 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 402 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 405 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 407 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 411 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 412 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 413 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 421 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 422 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 424 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 426 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 427 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 428 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 430 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 433 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 434 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 436 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 437 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 438 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 439 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 445 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 449 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 450 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 451 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 455 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 456 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 457 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 458 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 459 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 460 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 462 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 464 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 466 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 467 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 468 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 474 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 477 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 479 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 480 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 483 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 485 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 488 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 498 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 503 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 506 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 508 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 515 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 518 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 522 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 525 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 526 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 531 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 539 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 541 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 546 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 548 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 550 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 551 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 553 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 555 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 563 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 564 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 565 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 567 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 568 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 569 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 570 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 577 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 578 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 579 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 583 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 586 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 590 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 591 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 598 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 601 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 609 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 614 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 615 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 617 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 618 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 619 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 620 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 623 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 628 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 629 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 630 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 631 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 632 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 637 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 638 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 641 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 642 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 645 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 647 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 649 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 651 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 652 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 653 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 665 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 668 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 669 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 671 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 672 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 674 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 675 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 676 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 677 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 678 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 679 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 680 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 682 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 685 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 686 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 688 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 689 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 699 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 701 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 706 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 710 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 711 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 715 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 717 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 718 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 719 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 720 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 723 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 725 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 727 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 730 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 731 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 734 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 735 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 737 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 739 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 740 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 744 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 748 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 751 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 761 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 762 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 766 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 767 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 768 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 769 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 771 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 773 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 775 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 776 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 779 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 784 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 787 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 788 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 790 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 793 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 794 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 796 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 797 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 798 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 799 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 802 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 806 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 808 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 809 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 810 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 812 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 817 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 819 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 821 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 825 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 826 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 828 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 829 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 830 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 833 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 834 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 835 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 836 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 837 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 846 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 850 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 852 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 853 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 855 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 862 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 866 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 867 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 876 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 878 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 881 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 886 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 887 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 888 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 889 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 893 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 898 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 900 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 905 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 910 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 912 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 920 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 923 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 924 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 925 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 929 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 932 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 935 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 938 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 941 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 943 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 945 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 948 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 954 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 957 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 962 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 964 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 965 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 966 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 972 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 976 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 978 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 980 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 982 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 988 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 990 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 993 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 994 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 998 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1001 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1002 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1006 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1008 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1012 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1013 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1015 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1019 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1025 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1026 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1027 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1031 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1034 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1035 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1039 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1042 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1047 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1050 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1051 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1053 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1057 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1058 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1061 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1062 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1065 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1066 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1072 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1084 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1087 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1088 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1089 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1090 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1092 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1093 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1094 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1095 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1097 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1100 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1103 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1105 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1107 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1109 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1112 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1113 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1116 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1118 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1124 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1126 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1127 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1130 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1131 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1132 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1133 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1145 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1146 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1148 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1150 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1155 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1156 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1163 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1167 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1168 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1172 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1173 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1174 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1175 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1177 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1178 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1180 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1181 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1185 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1186 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1191 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1192 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1193 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1194 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1199 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1201 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1202 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1207 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1208 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1220 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1223 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1224 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1228 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1230 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1231 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1239 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1240 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1241 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1247 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1248 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1251 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1254 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1258 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1261 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1263 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1265 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1266 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1268 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1276 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1277 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1279 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1285 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1289 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1291 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1292 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1294 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1296 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1297 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1299 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1303 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1304 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1306 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1308 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1312 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1313 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1315 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1318 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1321 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1322 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1323 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1325 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1329 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1330 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1333 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1334 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1335 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1337 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1339 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1340 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1343 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1344 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1345 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1346 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1348 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1350 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1352 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1356 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1360 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1377 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1378 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1379 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1380 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1382 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1388 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1389 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1391 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1394 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1399 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1400 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1401 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1408 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1410 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1411 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1414 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1418 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1420 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1424 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1429 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1434 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1436 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1438 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1439 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1440 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1443 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1448 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1451 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1454 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1456 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1458 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1466 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1472 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1477 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1478 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1479 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1484 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1485 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1491 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1492 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1495 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1496 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1498 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1501 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1503 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1506 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1507 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1520 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1521 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1523 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1524 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1525 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1526 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1527 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1530 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1533 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1536 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1537 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1538 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1541 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1544 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1547 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1548 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1551 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1552 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1554 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1558 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1567 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1570 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1571 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1572 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1574 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1576 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1577 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1581 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1583 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1584 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1585 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1588 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1590 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1595 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1596 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1598 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1600 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1601 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1602 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1603 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1606 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1607 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1609 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1610 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1612 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1615 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1618 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1620 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1622 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1623 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1625 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1626 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1628 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1636 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1637 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1638 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1642 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1643 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1644 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1648 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1649 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1651 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1654 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1656 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1658 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1666 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1669 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1670 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1673 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1675 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1681 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1685 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1688 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1689 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1690 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1693 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1696 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1698 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1701 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1704 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1706 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1708 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1713 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1715 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1718 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1721 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1722 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1723 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1724 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1728 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1731 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1732 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1733 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1736 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1737 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1738 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1739 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1740 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1741 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1747 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1756 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1758 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1759 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1764 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1765 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1766 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1769 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1771 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1775 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1778 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1784 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1785 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1787 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1793 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1796 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1799 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1807 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1812 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1813 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1814 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1815 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1816 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1821 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1822 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1823 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1828 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1829 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1830 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1835 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1837 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1838 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1840 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1845 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1848 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1850 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1852 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1854 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1858 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1861 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1863 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1867 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1868 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1870 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1871 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1872 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1878 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1883 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1884 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1886 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1888 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1893 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1895 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1898 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1904 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1905 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1906 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1908 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1910 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1911 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1916 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1918 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1921 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1924 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 1925 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1935 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1936 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1938 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1939 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1940 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1941 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1944 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1945 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1947 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1950 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1954 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1955 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1957 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1958 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1960 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 1961 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 1965 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1969 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 1971 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1972 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1973 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 1975 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1977 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 1979 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1983 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 1985 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1986 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 1989 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 1993 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1996 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 1998 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2001 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2002 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2005 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2009 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2010 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2011 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2015 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2017 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2021 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2022 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2023 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2024 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2026 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2027 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2029 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2030 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2033 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2034 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2036 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2037 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2038 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2039 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2051 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2059 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2061 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2064 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2065 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2066 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2069 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2078 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2079 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2083 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2087 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2091 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2095 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2096 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2098 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2100 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2102 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2103 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2106 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2108 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2109 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2111 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2120 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2123 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2125 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2126 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2128 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2130 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2131 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2132 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2133 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2134 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2136 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2137 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2142 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2144 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2145 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2154 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2155 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2158 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2159 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2161 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2162 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2165 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2171 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2172 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2173 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2174 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2175 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2176 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2177 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2186 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2187 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2192 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2193 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2199 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2205 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2209 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2210 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2215 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2216 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2219 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2223 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2226 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2231 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2232 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2233 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2236 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2238 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2240 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2242 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2243 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2246 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2247 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2250 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2251 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2253 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2255 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2259 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2261 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2262 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2264 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2267 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2270 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2271 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2273 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2276 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2280 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2285 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2286 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2288 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2293 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2294 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2297 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2298 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2299 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2300 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2301 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2305 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2309 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2313 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2315 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2316 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2320 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2321 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2324 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2325 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2327 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2329 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2331 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2339 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2342 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2343 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2346 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2347 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2348 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2350 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2358 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2361 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2362 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2363 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2365 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2371 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2374 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2376 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2377 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2379 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2384 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2385 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2386 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2387 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2390 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2391 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2393 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2396 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2401 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2405 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2413 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2414 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2420 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2421 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2422 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2423 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2427 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2430 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2435 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2438 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2439 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2440 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2441 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2442 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2443 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2444 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2452 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2453 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2455 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2464 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2466 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2472 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2473 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2477 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2479 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2481 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2482 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2486 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2487 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2489 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2491 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2494 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2495 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2497 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2498 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2499 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2500 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2501 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2506 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2508 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2509 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2511 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2512 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2514 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2515 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2516 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2521 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2522 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2525 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2526 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2532 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2533 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2535 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2538 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2539 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2542 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2543 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2544 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2547 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2549 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2550 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2551 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2555 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2558 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2559 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2563 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2565 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2567 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2568 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2570 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2571 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2573 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2576 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2578 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2581 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2585 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2586 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2589 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2590 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2592 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2596 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2597 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2598 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2599 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2603 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2605 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2612 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2618 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2619 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2623 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2624 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2626 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2628 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2629 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2630 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2631 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2632 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2635 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2642 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2643 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2644 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2646 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2648 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2650 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2651 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2654 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2655 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2657 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2660 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2662 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2671 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2673 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2675 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2676 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2678 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2679 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2682 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2688 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2690 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2695 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2697 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2701 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2703 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2704 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2705 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2708 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2709 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2711 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2712 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2714 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2716 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2717 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2718 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2719 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2721 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2723 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2726 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2728 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2729 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2733 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2736 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2737 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2738 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2740 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2742 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2747 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2748 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2751 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2752 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2754 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2755 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2756 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2758 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2760 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2767 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2769 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2770 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2773 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2774 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2778 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2779 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2782 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2783 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2784 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2786 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2795 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2798 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2804 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2806 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2808 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2809 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2810 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2812 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2814 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2815 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2818 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2821 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2822 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2825 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2826 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2828 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2831 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2832 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2834 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2835 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2836 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2839 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2840 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2842 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2843 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2844 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2847 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2848 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2849 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2851 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2852 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2859 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2860 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2861 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2865 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 2867 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2868 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2869 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2871 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2875 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2878 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2885 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2888 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2889 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2891 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2895 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2897 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2900 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2901 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2903 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2906 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2908 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2910 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 2912 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2930 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2932 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 2937 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2938 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2939 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2940 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2948 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2958 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2959 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2964 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2965 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 2970 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2972 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 2977 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2978 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2981 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2985 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 2986 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2987 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 2988 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2989 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 2990 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2992 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2993 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 2995 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 2997 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3003 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3005 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3007 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3011 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3012 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3013 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3014 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3023 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3025 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3026 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3032 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3038 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3041 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3043 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3045 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3050 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3052 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3053 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3055 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3056 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3059 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3060 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3064 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3065 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3068 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3073 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3075 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3080 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3082 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3083 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3084 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3087 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3088 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3097 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3102 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3105 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3107 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3110 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3112 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3113 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3115 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3119 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3120 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3127 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3130 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3132 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3134 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3135 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3139 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3148 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3149 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3150 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3159 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3160 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3164 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3166 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3167 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3168 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3171 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3174 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3177 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3180 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3185 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3186 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3188 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3190 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3191 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3192 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3193 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3195 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3196 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3200 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3201 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3204 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3206 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3207 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3208 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3209 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3211 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3216 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3218 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3220 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3226 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3227 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3228 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3229 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3230 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3231 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3236 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3238 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3240 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3249 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3251 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3253 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3254 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3255 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3258 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3264 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3270 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3271 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3274 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3275 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3283 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3287 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3297 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3298 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3299 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3300 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3301 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3304 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3306 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3311 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3312 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3319 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3320 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3322 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3324 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3325 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3327 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3329 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3333 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3334 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3335 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3336 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3339 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3343 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3344 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3346 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3349 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3352 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3354 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3357 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3359 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3361 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3363 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3365 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3369 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3375 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3379 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3382 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3387 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3388 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3392 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3396 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3398 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3399 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3400 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3402 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3408 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3413 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3414 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3416 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3417 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3420 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3421 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3422 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3428 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3433 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3434 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3439 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3440 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3442 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3443 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3444 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3446 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3448 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3449 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3450 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3451 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3452 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3457 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3459 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3461 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3463 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3464 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3465 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3470 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3474 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3479 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3481 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3485 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3489 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3493 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3494 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3495 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3496 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3497 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3498 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3501 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3503 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3505 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3506 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3509 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3511 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3513 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3514 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3517 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3523 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3529 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3531 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3539 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3541 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3546 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3550 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3551 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3553 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3554 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3555 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3557 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3558 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3560 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3561 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3562 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3564 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3570 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3571 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3572 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3574 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3576 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3577 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3578 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3579 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3580 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3584 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3587 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3594 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3595 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3596 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3600 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3601 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3603 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3605 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3607 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3611 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3614 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3615 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3618 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3619 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3620 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3621 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3622 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3624 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3631 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3632 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3633 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3640 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3641 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3645 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3654 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3656 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3657 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3658 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3662 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3666 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3668 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3669 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3673 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3676 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3678 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3680 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3682 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3683 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3685 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3687 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3688 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3689 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3693 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3694 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3697 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3700 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3704 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3708 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3710 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3711 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3714 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3715 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3716 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3721 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3726 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3728 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3730 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3733 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3734 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3735 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3737 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3740 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3741 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3743 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3746 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3750 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3752 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3753 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3755 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3756 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3757 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3758 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3763 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3766 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3768 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3770 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3771 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3772 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3773 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3776 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3777 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3779 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3785 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3786 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3787 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3789 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3791 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3792 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3793 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3795 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3799 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3806 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3808 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3809 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3812 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3814 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3815 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3821 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3822 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3824 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3828 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3829 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3831 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3832 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3835 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3843 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3844 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3847 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3848 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 3849 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3851 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3853 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3856 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3857 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3862 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3864 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3868 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3875 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3884 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3887 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3896 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3897 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3899 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3900 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3901 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3902 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3903 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3906 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3907 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3909 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3910 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3913 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3917 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3920 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3922 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3927 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 3928 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3929 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3931 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3934 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3944 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3947 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3949 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3953 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3954 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3957 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3962 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 3963 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 3964 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3969 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 3970 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3977 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 3979 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3980 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 3981 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 3983 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3995 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 3996 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 3997 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4000 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4003 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4005 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4011 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4012 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4013 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4016 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4020 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4023 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4025 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4029 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4030 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4035 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4036 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4038 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4039 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4040 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4041 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4042 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4045 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4047 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4048 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4051 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4054 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4062 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4066 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4071 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4073 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4074 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4076 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4081 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4082 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4085 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4089 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4092 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4093 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4094 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4097 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4099 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4101 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4106 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4107 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4109 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4111 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4112 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4115 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4118 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4119 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4125 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4133 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4134 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4135 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4137 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4139 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4140 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4146 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4147 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4152 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4157 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4158 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4162 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4163 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4166 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4167 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4169 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4170 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4173 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4175 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4179 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4180 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4185 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4189 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4197 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4198 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4200 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4203 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4205 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4208 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4209 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4215 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4217 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4220 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4225 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4231 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4240 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4244 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4246 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4248 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4249 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4253 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4262 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4268 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4270 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4271 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4276 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4277 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4278 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4281 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4284 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4285 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4287 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4289 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4291 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4293 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4296 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4299 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4300 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4301 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4302 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4303 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4304 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4306 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4307 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4309 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4313 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4315 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4320 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4321 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4322 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4331 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4335 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4342 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4346 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4350 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4353 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4355 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4357 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4358 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4364 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4366 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4368 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4369 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4370 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4376 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4381 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4386 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4387 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4391 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4392 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4393 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4398 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4400 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4404 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4409 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4414 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4416 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4420 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4421 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4423 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4427 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4430 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4431 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4437 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4438 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4440 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4447 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4448 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4449 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4450 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4451 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4452 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4453 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4457 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4458 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4462 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4463 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4470 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4471 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4472 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4475 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4476 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4477 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4481 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4482 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4484 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4485 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4486 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4490 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4491 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4495 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4499 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4501 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4503 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4508 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4513 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4516 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4521 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4523 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4527 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4528 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4530 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4534 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4537 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4546 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4547 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4548 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4550 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4551 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4552 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4555 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4556 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4561 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4563 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4565 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4566 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4569 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4570 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4572 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4573 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4574 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4581 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4582 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4583 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4584 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4585 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4586 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4589 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4590 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4593 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4596 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4599 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4600 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4606 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4609 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4610 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4614 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4615 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4618 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4619 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4624 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4625 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4628 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4630 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4632 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4634 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4641 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4643 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4644 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4645 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4646 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4647 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4650 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4655 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4659 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4660 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4661 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4665 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4667 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4676 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4678 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4679 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4684 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4686 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4687 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4691 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4693 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4694 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4696 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4697 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4699 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4700 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4703 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4707 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4709 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4710 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4712 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4717 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4720 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4722 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4724 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4729 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4730 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4732 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4734 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4735 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4738 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4739 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4744 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4745 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4748 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4749 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4750 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4751 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4753 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4754 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4758 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4760 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4765 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4766 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4777 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4779 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4780 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4781 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4782 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4783 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4784 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4786 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4791 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4794 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4798 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4799 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4801 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4805 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4808 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4811 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4814 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4816 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4818 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4823 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4825 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4826 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4828 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4830 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4833 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4836 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4842 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4845 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4849 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4850 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4858 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4863 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4865 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4868 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4870 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4871 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4872 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4873 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4879 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4880 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4885 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4887 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4889 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4892 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4893 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4894 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4898 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4900 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4901 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4902 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4909 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 4916 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4917 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4921 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4926 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4931 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4933 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4934 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4938 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4942 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4943 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4947 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4950 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4955 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4956 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4962 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4964 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4965 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4966 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4967 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4970 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4977 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4979 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 4980 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 4982 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4983 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 4984 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4985 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 4986 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 4987 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4988 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 4990 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4993 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 4995 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 4996 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 4998 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5003 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5005 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5006 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5009 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5011 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5013 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5016 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5017 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5018 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5022 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5025 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5031 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5034 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5037 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5038 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5044 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5048 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5051 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5052 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5053 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5056 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5057 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5058 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5060 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5061 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5062 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5067 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5070 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5071 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5074 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5075 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5079 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5082 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5086 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5088 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5090 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5096 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5098 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5102 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5109 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5112 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5116 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5117 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5119 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5123 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5129 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5130 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5132 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5141 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5150 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5151 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5154 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5156 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5162 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5166 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5168 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5169 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5172 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5176 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5178 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5179 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5181 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5182 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5183 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5184 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5187 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5190 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5192 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5193 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5194 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5196 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5201 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5204 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5206 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5211 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5215 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5218 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5219 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5221 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5224 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5226 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5227 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5230 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5232 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5233 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5234 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5235 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5236 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5240 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5244 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5251 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5258 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5261 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5263 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5265 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5268 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5269 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5271 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5272 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5273 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5274 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5277 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5278 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5280 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5281 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5283 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5287 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5289 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5290 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5298 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5299 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5304 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5305 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5307 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5311 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5313 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5314 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5316 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5317 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5318 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5322 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5324 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5328 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5329 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5330 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5334 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5335 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5337 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5338 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5339 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5340 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5344 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5346 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5350 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5351 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5352 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5353 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5354 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5358 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5361 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5362 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5364 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5368 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5369 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5371 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5372 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5375 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5377 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5379 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5380 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5385 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5387 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5388 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5392 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5393 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5395 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5396 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5397 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5398 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5399 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5401 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5403 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5405 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5407 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5410 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5411 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5413 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5415 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5416 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5417 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5428 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5433 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5435 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5438 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5441 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5442 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5445 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5446 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5450 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5453 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5455 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5456 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5457 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5458 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5459 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5460 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5461 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5463 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5468 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5469 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5471 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5481 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5482 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5486 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5487 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5489 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5490 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5492 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5493 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5495 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5496 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5497 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5498 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5504 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5506 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5508 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5509 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5511 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5512 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5518 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5520 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5525 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5529 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5532 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5533 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5536 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5537 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5539 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5544 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5547 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5548 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5549 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5551 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5552 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5554 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5557 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5559 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5560 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5562 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5571 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5576 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5579 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5580 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5581 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5582 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5586 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5593 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5595 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5597 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5600 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5603 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5607 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5609 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5610 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5611 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5620 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5621 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5622 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5626 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5628 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5630 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5632 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5633 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5634 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5639 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5640 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5642 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5644 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5645 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5646 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5647 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5648 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5650 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5654 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5656 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5657 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5659 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5661 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5665 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5669 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5670 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5671 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5673 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5677 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5678 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5679 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5689 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5690 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5691 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5693 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5696 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5698 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5701 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5703 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5708 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5709 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5712 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5713 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5714 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5717 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5719 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5724 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5727 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5729 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5730 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5739 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5742 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5745 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5749 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5752 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5753 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5756 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5763 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5767 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5771 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5773 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5776 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5779 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5783 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5786 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5787 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5790 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5792 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5794 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5795 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5796 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5797 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5802 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5805 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5806 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5809 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5812 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5817 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5820 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5821 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5822 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5825 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5826 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5827 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5829 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5830 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5831 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5832 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5833 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5837 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5838 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5839 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5840 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5841 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5848 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5849 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5853 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5854 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5855 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5856 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5857 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5859 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5862 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5869 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5870 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5871 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5872 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5874 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5878 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5880 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5881 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5882 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5884 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5886 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5888 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5889 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5896 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5900 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5901 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5903 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5904 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5905 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5908 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5909 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5910 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5912 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5914 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5915 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5923 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5924 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5925 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5926 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5927 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5928 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5930 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5932 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5933 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5934 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5937 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 5940 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5943 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5946 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5953 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 5954 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5955 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5956 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5959 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5960 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 5961 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5969 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5972 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 5973 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 5978 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 5982 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 5991 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 5992 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5994 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5995 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 5996 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 5999 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6001 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6002 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6006 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6010 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6011 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6012 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6014 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6016 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6018 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6022 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6023 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6024 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6028 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6030 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6031 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6035 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6037 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6041 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6044 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6046 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6050 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6051 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6054 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6057 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6060 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6063 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6065 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6066 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6068 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6070 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6071 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6074 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6077 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6085 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6089 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6092 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6093 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6101 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6102 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6111 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6116 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6121 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6122 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6126 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6129 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6132 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6133 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6134 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6136 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6138 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6141 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6142 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6145 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6146 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6151 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6153 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6154 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6155 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6157 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6158 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6160 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6161 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6162 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6165 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6167 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6168 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6180 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6181 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6190 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6193 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6195 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6199 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6200 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6201 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6202 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6203 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6204 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6206 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6210 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6213 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6214 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6218 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6220 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6225 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6227 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6228 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6234 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6235 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6237 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6240 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6242 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6245 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6248 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6251 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6257 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6260 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6261 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6262 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6268 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6270 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6272 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6273 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6277 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6280 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6289 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6290 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6292 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6294 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6298 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6299 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6303 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6306 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6307 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6312 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6315 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6318 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6322 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6326 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6329 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6332 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6335 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6341 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6351 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6353 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6359 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6361 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6370 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6375 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6378 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6380 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6381 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6382 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6383 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6384 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6386 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6387 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6392 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6393 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6394 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6396 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6397 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6399 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6401 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6405 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6406 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6407 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6412 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6415 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6422 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6423 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6428 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6429 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6430 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6432 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6436 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6438 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6439 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6441 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6442 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6446 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6447 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6454 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6457 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6460 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6461 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6465 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6466 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6469 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6476 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6477 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6480 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6481 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6482 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6486 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6490 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6491 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6494 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6496 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6498 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6500 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6501 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6502 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6507 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6510 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6513 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6514 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6515 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6516 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6517 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6522 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6525 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6528 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6533 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6537 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6542 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6545 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6549 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6562 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6563 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6564 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6566 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6567 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6568 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6569 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6573 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6575 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6580 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6581 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6582 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6587 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6590 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6591 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6594 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6596 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6597 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6598 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6599 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6603 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6604 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6605 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6606 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6614 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6616 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6617 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6620 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6626 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6627 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6628 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6629 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6631 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6634 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6636 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6637 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6640 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6641 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6643 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6646 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6647 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6651 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6653 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6654 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6655 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6656 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6658 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6666 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6668 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6669 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6670 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6671 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6673 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6674 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6677 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6678 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6681 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6688 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6694 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6695 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6698 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6700 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6703 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6704 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6705 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6706 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6707 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6709 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6712 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6713 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6719 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6721 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6723 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6729 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6737 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6741 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6745 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6746 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6748 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6750 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6752 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6753 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6756 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6759 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6762 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6763 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6771 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6772 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6777 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6778 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6779 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6781 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6782 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6786 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6790 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6792 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6796 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6799 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6804 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6812 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6814 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6819 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6823 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6827 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6829 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6832 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6835 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6836 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6838 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6839 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6845 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6846 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6848 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6849 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6850 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6851 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6852 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6853 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6855 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6856 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6859 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6861 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6862 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6864 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6865 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6866 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6868 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6869 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6872 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6875 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6876 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6879 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6880 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6881 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6882 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6883 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6887 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6888 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6889 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6890 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6892 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6893 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6895 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6896 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6897 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6898 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6899 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6900 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6901 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6904 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6908 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6909 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6912 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6913 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6915 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6919 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6920 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6922 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6924 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6926 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6930 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6931 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6932 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6933 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6936 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6942 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6944 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6951 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6954 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6957 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 6958 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6959 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6960 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 6962 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6966 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6969 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 6970 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6973 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6975 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 6976 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 6977 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 6979 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6980 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6982 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 6985 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 6986 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6992 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 6993 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 6994 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7000 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7002 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7003 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7004 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7005 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7007 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7009 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7011 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7015 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7017 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7018 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7021 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7023 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7026 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7027 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7030 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7035 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7036 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7037 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7038 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7039 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7040 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7041 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7044 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7048 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7050 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7052 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7054 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7055 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7059 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7062 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7063 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7065 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7066 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7068 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7074 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7076 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7080 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7081 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7082 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7090 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7091 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7097 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7100 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7105 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7107 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7108 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7109 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7110 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7112 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7117 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7119 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7124 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7125 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7126 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7128 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7134 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7139 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7142 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7143 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7149 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7152 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7160 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7161 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7162 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7168 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7171 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7173 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7174 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7177 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7181 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7182 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7183 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7186 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7188 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7195 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7199 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7200 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7201 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7203 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7204 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7207 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7208 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7211 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7212 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7213 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7214 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7215 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7217 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7218 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7222 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7223 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7225 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7226 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7227 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7228 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7229 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7233 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7236 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7238 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7240 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7241 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7242 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7246 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7248 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7250 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7251 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7255 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7258 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7259 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7262 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7263 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7266 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7267 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7271 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7274 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7278 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7280 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7283 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7285 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7287 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7289 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7292 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7294 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7298 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7300 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7306 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7310 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7311 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7314 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7318 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7320 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7321 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7334 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7338 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7343 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7344 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7351 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7360 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7364 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7366 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7370 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7375 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7378 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7379 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7384 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7386 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7390 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7393 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7395 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7397 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7398 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7399 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7402 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7406 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7408 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7411 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7413 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7415 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7416 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7417 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7420 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7422 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7424 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7427 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7429 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7430 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7434 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7435 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7436 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7439 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7441 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7442 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7443 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7444 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7446 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7447 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7449 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7451 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7452 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7453 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7456 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7457 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7458 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7465 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7471 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7472 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7473 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7477 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7492 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7495 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7496 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7497 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7498 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7504 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7507 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7509 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7510 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7511 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7517 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7518 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7519 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7524 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7531 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7539 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7541 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7542 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7545 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7546 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7549 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7551 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7552 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7553 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7554 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7556 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7557 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7559 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7562 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7564 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7567 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7568 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7569 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7571 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7574 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7579 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7582 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7584 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7587 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7588 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7590 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7594 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7596 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7598 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7600 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7602 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7605 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7608 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7610 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7615 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7620 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7623 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7624 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7626 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7628 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7632 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7634 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7636 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7637 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7638 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7640 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7641 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7643 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7644 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7645 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7649 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7650 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7654 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7657 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7659 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7660 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7662 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7663 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7664 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7665 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7666 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7667 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7668 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7673 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7675 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7677 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7680 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7684 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7685 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7686 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7689 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7697 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7702 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7705 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7709 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7711 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7713 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7717 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7719 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7720 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7721 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7722 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7723 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7726 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7728 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7729 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7735 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7741 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7743 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7744 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7747 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7750 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7756 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7761 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7763 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7766 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7769 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7773 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7776 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7778 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7779 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7780 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7783 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7784 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7785 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7789 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7790 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7791 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7792 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7794 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7795 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7797 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7798 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7800 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7803 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7805 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7807 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7813 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7815 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7816 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7818 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7820 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7821 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7822 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7823 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7824 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7825 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7827 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7829 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7830 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7831 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7833 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7836 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7839 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7841 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7847 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7848 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7849 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7852 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7855 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7857 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7861 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7864 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7865 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7868 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7871 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7873 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7875 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7878 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7879 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7881 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7884 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7885 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7892 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7897 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7899 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7901 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7904 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7905 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7906 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7907 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7909 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7910 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7913 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7916 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7917 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7918 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7919 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7920 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7921 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7923 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7924 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7927 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7930 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7931 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7933 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7938 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7941 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7942 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7945 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7947 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7949 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 7952 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7953 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7956 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7957 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7958 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7959 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7960 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 7961 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7963 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7964 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 7967 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 7969 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7970 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7972 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7975 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7976 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7978 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 7979 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7980 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 7983 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 7985 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 7989 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 7993 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 7998 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8002 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8003 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8006 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8007 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8009 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8010 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8019 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8020 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8021 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8022 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8025 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8027 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8030 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8031 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8035 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8036 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8040 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8041 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8051 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8055 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8058 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8062 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8063 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8066 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8068 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8069 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8071 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8077 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8078 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8079 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8080 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8082 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8084 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8085 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8087 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8092 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8093 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8095 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8096 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8098 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8100 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8102 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8103 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8109 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8110 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8112 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8115 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8118 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8119 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8122 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8125 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8128 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8131 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8134 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8135 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8137 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8138 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8148 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8153 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8160 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8161 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8166 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8169 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8171 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8172 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8173 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8175 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8177 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8182 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8183 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8189 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8190 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8191 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8193 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8196 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8198 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8199 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8200 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8202 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8204 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8205 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8209 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8212 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8218 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8219 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8220 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8222 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8224 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8225 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8226 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8229 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8231 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8232 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8233 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8234 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8236 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8241 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8245 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8252 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8254 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8257 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8261 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8262 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8263 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8266 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8267 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8272 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8276 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8280 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8281 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8283 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8286 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8289 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8291 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8292 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8293 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8296 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8298 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8300 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8301 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8302 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8304 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8305 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8308 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8309 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8316 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8317 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8318 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8320 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8324 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8325 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8326 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8331 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8333 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8335 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8336 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8338 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8342 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8343 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8346 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8351 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8354 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8357 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8361 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8362 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8363 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8364 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8365 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8370 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8372 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8375 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8380 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8381 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8384 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8385 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8389 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8398 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8399 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8400 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8404 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8408 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8410 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8419 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8420 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8421 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8424 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8425 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8435 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8437 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8440 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8443 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8444 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8448 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8451 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8453 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8454 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8456 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8457 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8461 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8462 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8463 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8466 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8469 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8471 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8473 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8475 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8476 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8479 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8480 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8481 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8484 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8486 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8487 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8489 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8491 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8492 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8494 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8503 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8504 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8505 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8508 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8509 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8511 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8518 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8525 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8527 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8529 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8536 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8542 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8545 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8546 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8548 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8549 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8550 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8551 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8553 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8556 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8566 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8573 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8574 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8576 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8577 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8578 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8581 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8586 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8589 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8591 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8593 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8598 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8610 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8611 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8616 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8617 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8618 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8619 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8621 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8623 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8626 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8631 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8632 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8633 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8634 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8636 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8639 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8642 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8644 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8651 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8654 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8656 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8657 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8658 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8660 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8661 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8668 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8669 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8670 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8671 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8674 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8678 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8681 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8682 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8684 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8688 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8691 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8692 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8694 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8699 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8702 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8704 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8708 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8710 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8711 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8713 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8715 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8716 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8720 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8721 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8727 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8730 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8734 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8736 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8739 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8741 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8743 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8745 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8748 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8749 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8752 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8753 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8756 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8757 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8761 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8763 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8764 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8765 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8767 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8770 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8774 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8776 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8778 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8779 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8780 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8781 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8788 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8790 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8791 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8801 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8803 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8804 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8806 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8809 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8810 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8811 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8815 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8816 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8817 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8818 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8825 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8828 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8833 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8835 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8840 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8841 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8843 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8844 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8847 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8848 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8854 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8859 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8862 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8863 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8866 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8868 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8872 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8874 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8875 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8876 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8882 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8883 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 8884 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8886 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8887 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8898 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8899 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8901 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8906 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8911 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8916 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8918 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8919 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8920 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8923 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8928 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 8932 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8938 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8940 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8942 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8943 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8948 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 8954 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8956 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8957 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8959 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 8961 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8962 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8972 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8977 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 8981 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 8982 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 8983 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8985 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 8996 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 8997 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 8999 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9002 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9003 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9007 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9009 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9018 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9020 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9023 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9029 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9030 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9034 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9035 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9039 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9040 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9041 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9043 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9048 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9049 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9050 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9059 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9065 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9068 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9071 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9073 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9080 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9082 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9087 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9088 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9090 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9093 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9098 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9103 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9105 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9107 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9113 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9117 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9118 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9121 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9122 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9123 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9128 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9131 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9132 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9137 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9143 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9147 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9149 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9160 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9169 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9170 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9173 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9176 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9177 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9178 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9188 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9191 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9192 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9193 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9204 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9209 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9213 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9215 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9216 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9217 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9219 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9223 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9225 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9227 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9229 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9231 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9234 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9236 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9237 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9241 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9246 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9248 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9250 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9251 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9253 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9254 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9260 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9262 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9267 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9268 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9269 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9273 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9280 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9281 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9282 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9288 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9292 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9294 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9295 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9298 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9300 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9301 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9303 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9304 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9305 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9311 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9315 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9316 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9319 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9322 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9324 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9327 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9331 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9332 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9335 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9336 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9337 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9340 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9341 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9344 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9346 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9349 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9351 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9353 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9355 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9358 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9359 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9360 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9363 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9369 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9370 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9373 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9375 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9376 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9380 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9382 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9385 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9386 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9390 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9396 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9397 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9404 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9406 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9414 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9416 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9417 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9421 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9426 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9427 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9429 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9430 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9431 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9434 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9435 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9436 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9446 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9449 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9450 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9452 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9454 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9460 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9463 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9464 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9465 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9467 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9475 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9480 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9481 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9482 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9484 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9486 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9492 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9493 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9497 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9499 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9501 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9503 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9506 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9507 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9509 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9512 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9513 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9514 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9515 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9517 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9518 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9522 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9527 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9528 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9529 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9533 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9535 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9536 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9538 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9539 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9542 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9548 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9551 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9552 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9556 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9557 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9559 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9560 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9561 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9562 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9563 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9570 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9573 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9576 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9579 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9583 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9586 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9587 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9590 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9597 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9601 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9603 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9604 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9606 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9608 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9609 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9610 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9612 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9616 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9622 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9624 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9629 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9630 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9631 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9633 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9637 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9640 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9641 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9643 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9646 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9647 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9649 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9652 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9657 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9660 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9670 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9673 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9675 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9678 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9686 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9693 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9694 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9697 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9699 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9700 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9704 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9708 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9710 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9715 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9716 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9717 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9720 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9721 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9727 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9729 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9731 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9735 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9737 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9739 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9740 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9743 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9744 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9746 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9749 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9750 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9751 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9752 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9755 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9756 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9759 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9764 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9766 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9769 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9774 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9776 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9777 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9778 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9779 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9780 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9781 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9784 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9786 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9787 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9790 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9791 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9792 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9793 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9794 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9798 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9801 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9804 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9805 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9808 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9810 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9812 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9815 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9816 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9818 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9820 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9822 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9823 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9824 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9825 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9832 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9838 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9839 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9840 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9841 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9842 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9844 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9848 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9849 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9850 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9853 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9855 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9859 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9860 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9864 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9866 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9867 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9868 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9870 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9878 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9879 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9883 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9891 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9892 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9894 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9896 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9898 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 9.0 truck
image index in test data set: 9900 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9901 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9902 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9905 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 1.0 car
image index in test data set: 9910 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9911 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9918 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9922 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9924 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9926 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9930 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9933 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9939 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9940 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9942 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9943 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9952 	predict result:(number/class name) 6.0 frog 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9956 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9957 	predict result:(number/class name) 8.0 ship 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9959 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9960 	predict result:(number/class name) 0.0 plane 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9962 	predict result:(number/class name) 2.0 bird 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9964 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9967 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9968 	predict result:(number/class name) 5.0 dog 	Real result: (number/class name) 3.0 cat
image index in test data set: 9969 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 6.0 frog
image index in test data set: 9972 	predict result:(number/class name) 3.0 cat 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9978 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 7.0 horse
image index in test data set: 9981 	predict result:(number/class name) 7.0 horse 	Real result: (number/class name) 4.0 deer
image index in test data set: 9982 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird
image index in test data set: 9983 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 0.0 plane
image index in test data set: 9985 	predict result:(number/class name) 9.0 truck 	Real result: (number/class name) 5.0 dog
image index in test data set: 9988 	predict result:(number/class name) 1.0 car 	Real result: (number/class name) 8.0 ship
image index in test data set: 9989 	predict result:(number/class name) 4.0 deer 	Real result: (number/class name) 2.0 bird